clustermesh: deprecate kvstoremesh.enabled helm option (#39785)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade.rst

* The Helm option ``l2PodAnnouncements.interface`` has been deprecated in favor of ``l2PodAnnouncements.interfacePattern``
  and will be removed in Cilium 1.19.
* The Helm value of ``enableIPv4Masquerade`` in ``eni`` mode changes from ``true`` to ``false`` by default from 1.18.
* The Helm option ``clustermesh.apiserver.kvstoremesh.enabled`` has been deprecated and will be removed in Cilium 1.19.

>   Starting from 1.19 KVStoreMesh will be unconditionally enabled for the Clustermesh.

Reviewer: Nit.

```suggestion
  Starting from 1.19 KVStoreMesh will be unconditionally enabled when the Cluster Mesh API Server is enabled.
```
